Basic:
1. A monolithic contains all the logic (routing, middlewares, business logic,
   database access) to implement all features of the application
2. A microservice contains all the logic to implement one feature of the application
3. Each service is entirely self-contained and stand-alone
4. The biggest problem of microservice is data management/communication between services
5. Each service gets it's own database (if needed)
6. One service will never reach into other services database


Why database per service?
1. We want each service to run independently of other services
2. Database schema/structure might change unexpectedly
3. Some services might function more efficiently with different types of databases
4. No dependency between services


Communication strategies between services:
1. Sync: services communicate with each other using direct requests
2. Async: services communicate with each other using events


Sync communication:
1. Introduces dependency between services
2. If any inter-service request fails, the overall request will fails
3. The entire request is only as fast as the slowest operation
4. Can easily introduce a web of requests


Async communication:
1. When an operation takes place in a service, it will emit an event to the event bus    decribing what just happened
2. The event bus will route it off to every single sevice so that any service can use
   the information if needed
3. Data duplication, extra storage, extra database
4. A service that only presents data should not handle complex logic about specialized
   updates of a particular information
5. The service that created it should handle that and emit a generic event about update



Dealing with missing events:
-> If a service is created in future or remains down for some time
-> Option 1: Make sync requests to other services to get all data of the past
-> Option 2: Direct access to database of other services to get data
-> Option 3: Store Events. Whenever any service emits any event, event-bus will store it