Overview:
1. Traditionally, react is used to make highly interactive dynamic apps that heavily rely
   on JS + data fetching (airbnb, instagram, tiktok)
2. Many websites do not require heavy interaction or dynamic data fetching, known as static
   or content-driven websites (blogs, news, wikis, educational, events, landing pages,
   government, corporate) 
3. One of the primary goals of next is to expand the use of react to static sites
4. The files and folders inside 'src/app' folder determines the routes in the app
5. Files called page.tsx define a route that the user can visit and they must have a export
   default of a react component
6. The name of the folder that a 'page.tsx' is in controls the route
7. Every component is rendered as a child of the component inside layout.tsx
8. In path import, the '@' symbol indicates the src directory.
9. On the server, the Image component makes several resized version of an image for 
   different device sizes
10. How next decides the height/width of placeholder image before actual image loads:
    -> for local image (inside source code), dimensions are taken from the imported image
    -> for remote image, we have to assign height/width or fill property (fill parent)
11. Server Action: a function that is called when a form is submitted
12. It is the number one way to change data in a next app
13. It has super close integration with html forms


Components:
1. Client component: react components we typically use
2. Server component: bends the rules of traditional component a bit. Better performance + UX
3. By default all components are server components
4. Can use async/await. No need to use useState or useEffect for data fetching
5. Cannot use any kind of hook, cannot assign any event handlers
6. Client component cannot import/show server component directly
7. Use client component if hooks, event handlers are required
8. When browser makes a request to next server, it renders some components 
9. Server component(parent) -> client component (child) => some html are sent immediately
10. The html file will have a script tag that says look back to next server and try to
    download some JS
11. On second request, next server will look at all client components, extract all JS into
    a file, send it back to client browser
12. Client component is rendered on the server one time when the user first makes a request
    for the first time
13. When we submit a form, client-side JS collects the data, assembles them into a packet 
    of data and sends them as post request to next server.
14. Next server passes the data to server action (running on server)
15. Server action interacts with database and sends a response (ex: redirect)



Create Records:
1. create a prisma client to access database
2. create a form using react to collect data
3. defince a server action to validate the input and create the record
4. redirect


Fetch Records:
1. create a server component with async keyword
2. make an http request or directly access the database
3. render data directly or pass it to a child component


Pages:
1. page.tsx -> displays the primary content for a page
2. layout.tsx -> wraps up the currently displayed page. used to show content common accross
		 many pages
3. not-found.tsx -> displayed when we call the notFound() function
4. loading.tsx -> displayed when a server component is fetching some data
5. error.tsx -> displayed when an error occurs in a server component (must be a client comp)
6. route.tsx -> defines API endpoints  



Server Actions in client components:
Option 1:
-> Define server action in server component and pass it as props to the client component
-> Server components cannot pass event handlers down to client components - this is one
   exception
Option 2:
-> Defince server action in a separate file and import it into client component
-> Only have to write 'use server' once at the top of the file


Calling server actions from client components:
Option 1:
-> use bind() method to customize arguments
-> first argument will be the bound argument
-> second argument will be 'FormData' containing data form (if any exists)
-> form will work even if the user is not running JS in browser
Option 2:
-> not tied to a form, only the arguments passed directly to server action are received
-> make sure we have updated data before attempting to navigate
-> closer to classic react behavior


Error Handling with Server Action:
1. a big point of forms is that they can work without JS in browser
2. right now, forms in our pages are sending info to a server action
3. we need to communicate info from server a action back to a page
4. react-dom contains a hook called useFormState specifically for this
5. if we put redirect() inside try block, the catch block will capture it as error


Caching:
Four different caching systems (first three run in dev mode)
1. Data Cache: responses from requests made with 'fetch' are stored and used accross requests
2. Router Cache: 'soft' navigation between routes are cached in browser and reused when a
   user revisits the page
3. Request Memoization: make two or more 'GET' requests with 'fetch' during a users request
   to your server. Only one 'GET' is executed
4. Full Route Cache: at build time, next decides if your route is static or dynamic (for all
   routes). If is static, page is rendered and the result is stored. In production, users 
   are given this
   pre-rendered result 


Static or Dynamic Routes:
1. npm run build
2. o -> next thinks this route contains only static data. It will render the page NOW, ONE         TIME and give that version to everyone who visits our app
3. λ -> next thinks this route contains dynamic data. It will render the page whenever
  	someone visits it
4. all pages are by default static


What makes a page dynamic?
1. Calling a dynamic function or referencing a dynamic variable when a route renders
   cookies.set(), cookies.delete(), useSearchParams(), searchParams prop
2. Assigning specific 'route segment config' options  
   export const dynamic = 'force-dynamic', export const revalidate = 0
3. Calling fetch and opting out of caching of the response
   fetch('...', {next: {revalidate: 0}})
4. Using a dynamic route
   /snippets/[id]/page.tsx



Cache Control:
1. Time-based: every x seconds, ignore the cached response and fetch new data
   -> front page of social media site
   -> data is changing all the time - only get top posts every 10-30 seconds
2. On-demand: forcibly purge a cached response
   -> any app where we know when data changes and the user expects to see up-to-date data
   -> our app when create/edit/delete server actions run
3. Disable caching: don't do any caching at all    
   -> when next server uses data from outside API
   -> any app where we don't know when data changes or when we expect data to be different
      for every request and user still expects to see up-to-date data


Enable caching with GenerateStaticParams:
-> This occurs at build time 
-> We use the current data in database 


#Important:
-> route.ts inside app directory is used to implement API request handlers so that outside
   web services can talk to our next js application


Recommended Initial Design Process:
1. Identify all the different routes of the app and data that will be shown on each of them
2. Make 'path helper' function
3. Create routing folders and page.tsx files
4. Identify the places where data changes in the app
5. Make empty server actions for each of those
6. Add in comments on what paths you'll need to revalidate for each server action


Static Caching While Using Auth
-> Handling cookies === dynamic
-> Every page displaying the header is dynamic because the header is accessing cookies
-> No access of cookies === static
-> 'useSession' doesn't directly access cookies - it makes a request to the backend 
   to figure out the auth status
-> Layout --> Header --> HeaderAuth (client component) --> useSession() 



Considerations around where to fetch data :

-> option 1: page component gets data, passes it to child
-> easy to see what data a route needs to be displayed
-> easier to make child component reusable
-> easier to avoid n+1 query issues
-> can lead to overfetching data
-> can lead to duplicate code in other pages using child component
-> sometimes annoying to write interface for complex query data

-> option 2: child component fetches its own data
-> easier to build skeleton loading pages
-> child components implementation is locked in